on TV more room for
I hope that already in house they are already
listísimos for this week please
with the right foot you already know and good
let's start with the information of
today as they see that according to a
study carried out by the company of the
70% of desktop computers and
laptops from mexico are already teams
obsolete and nothing else and good this
could even affect productivity in
the companies while the favorites
who believe they are being nothing
more and nothing less than the devices
mobile and of course the tablets
that are gaining a lot of ground in
the market and that is to listen to this nothing
more only in 2014 the sale of
mobile devices grew by 33 per
which is a lot percent because more
companies started equipping their
executives with these tools
technologies that ensure they facilitate
his performance especially in the sectors
check this in financial services
in the health and sales sector where already
there have been great improvements but
well do not worry
why the company promises
continue renewing and of course
improving their computers and finally
listen to this fact also that is very
Interestingly , 52 percent of 4,000
surveyed in 12 countries see what
they said they felt they felt more
comfortable and more productive working
from home but well obviously fine
equipped with mobile units and by
course with a very good computer
so look at these figures and really
everyone already with the devices
mobile can do anything and
they already feel like a weapon, you say the
ambulatory office let's say but good
also all the people that we like the
computer that we like this well
can type on a normal keyboard the
famous port and but good let's see what
improvements are given to computers for
this year some teams are still very
good and then let's see see
let's see what you think ladies and gentlemen
as always something new what curious
this is that they are already the displacement
also from the tablets
70 percent for it so soon
but hey he is winning a lot
market mobile devices in this
eras let's see
subscribe to our YouTube channel
so you're always informed of the
latest news from mexico and the world
start right now by clicking on
these videos